Proposed HIPE: Change the HIPE process to not be PR-centric (#56)
hyperledger/indy-hipe: text/new-hipe-process/README.md

- Name: new-hipe-process
- Author: Stephen Curran (swcurran@cloudcompass.ca)
- Start Date: 2018-11-08
- PR: 
- Jira Issue: 

# Summary
[summary]: #summary

> This HIPE defines a new HIPE process that reduces the use of Pull Requests (PRs) to manage the life cycle of HIPEs.  Rather than long-lived PRs, folders are used to manage HIPEs, making them much more accessible to creators and reviewers.

Author: ```suggestion
This HIPE defines a new HIPE process that reduces the dependency on Pull Requests (PRs) to manage the life cycle of HIPEs.  Rather than long-lived PRs, folders are used to manage HIPEs, making them much more accessible to creators and reviewers.
```
